docs: updated readme with build steps (#5)
lienputnina/react-components-for-you: README.md

Uses node version > **14.x.x** < **16.x.x**

### To run locally

```shell

> # Open storybook dev server on `http://localhost:6006/`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Opens the storybook dev server on `http://localhost:6006/`
```

yarn storybook

> ```

Reviewer: Perhaps we should run `yarn storybook` and **then** open storybook dev server? If the user opens the dev server **before** running the command, there will be nothing to see. Wouldn't that be a bad user experience?
